welcome some awesome games looking
people I'm Rob with playing with juris
mask we're going to get the Frog mask
for Donna and Jerry masks so stay on the
first day if you want I'm gonna stop you
and then we're gonna use the song of
soaring and head out towards the Goron
village and find a pole of Goran stuck
in the snow it's never going out in
village we'll head out here fly on over
of course you need to be a Goran you
need to have the gorram are so you need
to progress that far through the game
especially if you're going after all the
frogs later on which I have another
guide for so if you want to see that go
do that but here we are
get the gorram ask you out select that
can see I already have the Frog mask I
have all the masks but I had the Frog
month and this is how you get it of
course I'm gonna show you here's that
little shivering buddy check on uh Cora
masks do that whole little freakout
look at him he's freezing he's gonna die
whoa oh oh up here up here there he's
got the mask I am sorry to bother you
from such a higher place but I am very
hungry and I've gotten stuck here well
we need to get him some food
so what we're gonna do is we go and head
to the Goron village and get him some
food there's some food there and that
will help him it'll energize him and he
won't die out here in the cold which
would be terrible right so let's speed
on through here simple area the fastest
way to get through here of course is
link with his little bunny ears so head
the Goron village it won't be nighttime
I just did this later because I did some
other things and mucked around in the
village before I went here this is what
you want to go check on the Goron mask
and then you want to pound the ground
yeah you got pound that ground good and
there you go the door will open only a
goron can get in there
once you're in there we're gonna head up
to the top and they'll be this little
crying dude Wow haha my daddy he's gone
he's dead whatever we want to become a
Goron and play the gorons lullaby which
you should hopefully know it
and then we've put him to sleep because
the Goron lullaby puts o
gowron's to sleep so slap on those
bongos make sure you're the Goron are
you playing as agora we'll put these
guys to sleep and it will also somehow
magically light all the torches we're
not all the torches but enough it like
these to see those torches just lit so
we want to become linked they're all
asleep
good night them do is we're gonna become
linked there's a whole bunch of sticks
in this place like if you go smashing
rocks or putts
you'll get sticks little Deku sticks so
I grabbed them light them on fire put on
your bunny ears and looking good like
all the torches in this place on fire
because we want to warm the place up and
get that food delicious food which is
the only way to get it so light this
torch on fire this one hug the wall it's
easier and then of course your stick
will burn out so make sure you swap it
over and get a new one a fresh stick or
else you'll lose that stick it'll burn
and be gone for good that way you can
keep it and recycle your sticks look at
these guys they're all shivering real
freezing lucky links here light that on
fire come on man you could do it
remember you're racing it's time because
the torches will go out I'm to eat
unless you get them all if they go out
got a stud again but there we go we did
it we lift them while on fire that was
somehow magically light on fire and
start spinning now we want to head back
to the top become a goron and we want to
roll and smash all of them you can see
I've smashed a whole bunch on a smash
the last one I'm gonna line this up wait
for it wait for it
now's a good time to power up get that
roll going and you wanna you want to
start on the red carpet so that way you
kind of do a little burn out there
and can get your magic meter up and
smash that pot it's the only way because
if you know that maximum speed you're
not gonna get it and then pick up the
food look at delicious little goron
steak the dango meat I think it is we're
gonna head all the way back to our
freezing buddy don't worry about enemies
no one's gonna attack you unless you
stuff up just run through here just keep
on going look at that
go great look at these little feet move
obviously this is sped up don't worry
about the wolves they can't keep up
with you enough to hit you and just keep
on running through run run run find your
little friends you should just be up
ahead and then we're gonna Chuck the
meet two in and he'll thank us he'll be
like I am I here right he'll give you
the mosque he won't give me the mosque
because I already got it now that's it
it's so good that I dream about it the
dango cabins - call your rock sirloin
this is my absolute favorite blessed be
the meat I didn't read the rest I was
too slow
oh my energy has returned to me I am
coming down now wait one moment he rose
down of course
there we go yeah oh I wondered who it
might be what if it isn't dumb ani you
are alive what cuz he's dead
yes I see that's the reason why you knew
my favorite food oh I almost forgot
please accept this as a token of my
gratitude I have the mosque he'll give
me 50 bucks not a bad deal I mean that's
a pretty poor actually but if I didn't
have the mosque see truthfully I thought
about giving the mosque well one can
never have too many rupees thanks for
the rubies man so if you didn't have the
master ready obviously he'll give you
the mosque and then you can go and find
all the frogs which is a whole nother
deal yo and you can go do that if you
want I got the sad quest available it's
a long one it's a meaty one so a good
luck to you guys
these guys push a and then we get this
how cool is that so cool that's her
crowd clearer now if you don't have
magic